Hi, this is Dr. Rock and in this video.
I want to talk to you
about the body and the benefits the
body brings in its various forms both
coconut area as the canopy is that the
from the body note or the clothing of the
body
while you look if you asked me
automatic which brings more benefits
to health
I would say that it would be logical that he
focused
but it's interesting coconut water she has
a study that shows if you take the
Woman taking a glass a day over
28 days a month
you will hold and even with tatá
urinary tract mine
that is to say coconut water is the
less concentrated body treats
urinary infection
now the power of this fruit looks at the power that
she has antibiotics and not only that
also the power of slimming that the
body has body it is rich on average
Nominal ie today potent natural
that you can lose weight and you can use
from today 's body of shapes to
have a thirst benefit to your health
including growth and
Strengthening in my book slim
rock
I get to the bottom of the question of the body
many other valuable information
that if you want to go a step further
if you want a content a
step by step I'll literally get the
show your hand in this book
electronic what to do in order to lose weight
stay lean and healthy from
definitive form
enough fad diets arrive at this
concert talk
Enough of magic table pills before I
show you the good science of disability
slimming What's this
are high-level studies of evidence
science I'm saying this
book is not just what I 'm finding
find is what common sense is about studies
universities in the world as
hardwares is a state of california o
So this is it, I'll make an invitation if you
I want to go deep
click somewhere in this video that
you will have access to this information
valuable to remain slim brand
healthy and definitive form a strong
hug from watching the next video